- **The Addition problem**: 
The addition problem is a toy benchmark used to evaluate the power of RNNs in learning long-term dependencies (Hochreiter & Schmidhuber, 1997). The input to the RNN is a two-dimensional sequence X = \{x_0 (t), x_1 (t)\}|^T_{t=0} . At each time step the input consists of a random signal x_0 ∈ [0, 1] and a mask signal x_1 (t). The mask signal has all zeros except at two time steps when it has a value of 1. The RNN is to be trained to predict the sum of x_0 at these two time steps.
- **The multiplication problem**:
The multiplication problem is another toy benchmark very similar to the addition problem. The difference is that instead of predicting the sum of x 0 at two time steps when the mask has a value of 1, the goal is to predict the product of x 0 when the masking signal is unity.
- **MNIST classification with sequential presentation of pixels**:
This is yet another challenging toy problem where the objective is to classify the MNIST digits when the 784 pixels are presented sequentially to the recurrent net. We follow the procedure described in (Quoc et al., 2015) and the RNN reads one pixel at a time in a scanline order, starting at the top left corner of the MNIST image and ending at the bottom right corner of the image. The RNN is asked to predict the label for the input image.
- **Action recognition benchmark**:
We consider one real world example of action recognition task based on the standard UCF-101 benchmark (Soomro et al., 2012). The task is to classify a given video clip of length varying from 2 s to >10 s into one of the 101 action classes. The benchmark contains a total of 13320 video clips divided into 25 groups. Each group contains video clips from all 101 action classes. Video clips of a given action in a given group share some commonalities. Usually the performance of a given classifier on this data set is evaluated using three splits of the training/testing data. For our experiments we report results for the split one, with training data made up of video clips from groups 8-24 and the test data made up of videos derived from groups 1-7.
